datxio.system
----------
## datxio.system系统合约中，我们做了如下改动：  
		（1）改变了质押内存计算方式，修改了DATX与RAM互换的计算方法  
		（2）添加了验证节点的选拔方法  
		（3）修改了DATX每年增发的计算方法  
		（4）修改了原来的节点的奖励方式  
		（5）添加了对验证节点的奖励  
## 注意：
		(1)在注册成为producer节点时，会拥有成为验证节点的资格，因此注册时需同时需输入作为producer的url和作为vefier的url。  
			regproducer( producer_name, producer_public_key,url_producer,url_Verify, location )  
		(2)除上一步外，其他调用接口保持原来的方式  

This contract enables users to stake tokens, and then configure and vote on producers and worker proposals. 

Users can also proxy their voting influence to other users.

The state of this contract is read to determine the 21 active block producers. 

Actions:
The naming convention is codeaccount::actionname followed by a list of paramters.

Indicates that a particular account wishes to become a producer
## datxio.system::cfgproducer    account config
   - **account** the producer account to update
   - updates the configuration settings for a particular producer, these

   Storage changes are billed to 'account'
   
## datxio.system::okproducer     account producer vote
   - **account** the account which is doing the voting
   - **producer** the producer which is being voted for (or unvoted for)
   - **vote** true if the producer should be voted for, false if not

   Each account has a maximum number of votes it can maintain. Storage changes will be billed to 'account'

## datxio.system::setproxy       account proxy
   - **account** the account which is updating it's proxy
   - **proxy** the account which will have the power to vote account's stake

   All current votes are removed and a new proxy link is created. The votes for every producer the proxy
   has voted for are updated immediately.

   Storage changes will be billed to 'account'

## datxio.system::unstake        account quantity 
   - **account** - the account which is requesting their balance be unstaked
   - **quantity** - the quantity which will be unstaked, unstaked tokens lose voting influence immediately

   - in order to unstake tokens, an account must request them. The user will receive them over
     time via weekly withdraws. The length of time will be configured by the median time as set by
     the active producers.

   - If this is called while in the process of unstaking, the currently pending unstake is canceled as if
     quantity were 0, then it is applied as if a new unstake request was made.

   - all producers this 'from' has voted for will have their votes updated immediately.

   - bandwidth and storage for the deferred transaction will be billed to 'from'

## datxio.system::withdraw account
   - this action can only be triggered by datxio.system via a deferred transaction generated by unstake
   - this will generate an inline datxio.token::transfer call from=datxio.system to=account and amount equal to the next withdraw increment
   - this will generate another deferred withdraw to continue the process if there are still withdraws to be made


## datxio.system::transfer from to amount memo
   - decrements balance of from if amount <= balance
   - increments balance of to by amount
   - memo is ignored 

## datxio.system::stakevote account amount
   - the primary currency of datxio is controlled by the token contract which enables users to transfer
     balances from one user to another. The receiver is notified on incoming balances and the vote contract
     will stake the tokens on receipt.

   - all producers this 'from' has voted for will have their votes updated immediately.


## datxio.system::onblock   account blocktime blocknum
   - this special action is triggered when a block is applied by the given producer and cannot be generated from
     any other source. It is used to pay producers and calculate missed blocks of other producers. 

   - producer pay is deposited into the producer's stake balance and can be withdrawn over time.

   - if blocknum is the start of a new round this may update the active producer config from the producer votes.

## datxio.system::freeze producer accounts true|false 
   - requires permission of the @producers account 
   - if an account is frozen, all authorizations of that account are rejected and the code for that account will not be run

## datxio.system::paystandby producer
   - every block some amount of tokens is paid 
   - at most once per day a producer may claim a percentage of the standby pay equal to their totalvotes / allvotes
